Sword Art Online: The Beginning
Sponsored by IBM
- Future Possibilities Brought about by Technology -
[Yuriko Furunaga, Director, Cloud Marketing, IBM Japan]
Right now in 2016, we are entering the future.
This is what we feel.
Under such circumstances, what types of changes can technology bring to your business?
How can our latest technologies at IBM make creative contributions?
We are always looking for opportunities to answer these questions.
[Yukiko Yamaguchi, Manager, Communications & Brand Experience, Marketing & Communications, IBM Japan]
Experience the possibilities technology can bring to the future.
The story that we selected to make that happen is Sword Art Online,
which is a fictional virtual reality game to be released in 2022.
How can we use the latest technologies we have today to express the world of Sword Art Online?
It is a challenge that no one has experienced before.
[Reki Kawahara, Author of Sword Art Online]
I felt strongly that it was possible the story I dreamed up about 15 years ago could eventually come true.
This project, from the time of its release, garnered a lot of media attention, as well as a tremendous response on social media.
This turned our expectations for the project into conviction.
[Tomoari Yasuda, Senior Architect and IBM Cloud Evangelist, IBM Cloud Japan]
To make this happen, we had to exchange a large volume of data, such as 3D scanning data and sensing data, on our network.
We knew a technology that we have, SoftLayer, would give the best performance for this project.
Alpha test released on March 18, 2016
The player’s body is 3D-scanned and instantly turned into an avatar
The player is taken as-is into the world of Sword Art Online
Walk around in a virtual reality world...
...and meet friends.
Sensations that could not be felt on a screen are now much better and can actually be felt.
Things like the original story’s interface are replicated quite well.
I feel strongly that our future experiences will be like this.
It felt like the future itself.
You think, “I want to be in this kind of world” when reading Sword Art Online. It just got a bit closer to that world.
I feel that we at IBM can show you how our latest technologies can make creative contributions and bring innovations to our lives.
Technology blazes a trail to the future.